Sharing docs (#2165)
streamlit/streamlit: docs/deploy_streamlit_app.md

> # Deploy an app

Reviewer: I think the filename here should follow the pattern we use for the "Create an app" file. So `deploy_an_app.html`

Or, even better, we could rename this to `deploy.md`, rename the other page to `create.html`.

This is not just nitpicking, it's also visible to users via the URL.

(The exact pattern we go with is up to you, but I think the two pages should match.)

LMK what you land on, so I can link this from within the S4A app. Please ping me with whatever you decide!

Author: I have been naming the URLs in such a way that they had keyword phrases people were likely to type:

- deploy streamlit app
- develop streamlit components
- publish streamlit components
- streamlit components
- streamlit configuration
- streamlit faq 

I'm fine with revisiting this later if we don't think this is necessary from an SEO perspetive, but I don't think this is launch critical.

Now that you've created your app, you're ready to share it! Use **Streamlit sharing** to share it with the world completely for free. Streamlit sharing is the perfect solution if your app is hosted in a public GitHub repo and you'd like anyone in the world to be able to access it. If that doesn't sound like your app, then check out [Streamlit for Teams](http://streamlit.io/for-teams) for more information on how to get secure, private sharing for your apps.

Of course, if you want to host your app using another hosting provider, go for it! Streamlit apps work anywhere a Python app works. You can find guides for other hosting providers on our [community-supported deployment wiki](https://discuss.streamlit.io/t/streamlit-deployment-guide-wiki/5099).

## Get a Streamlit sharing account

> To get started, first request an invite at [streamlit.io/sharing](http://streamlit.io/sharing). Streamlit sharing is currently invitation-only while we ramp things up. We promise to get you one very quickly ❤️

Reviewer: "is currently invitation-only" -> "is currently available by invitation only"

Once you have your invite you're ready to deploy! It's really straightforward, just follow the next few steps.

## Put your Streamlit app on GitHub

Make sure it's in a public folder and that you have a [requirements.txt file](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/reference/pip_install/#requirements-file-format)

- If you need to generate a requirements file, try using `pipreqs`

```bash
pip install pipreqs
pipreqs /home/project/location
```

```eval_rst

> .. note:: You should only include packages in requirements.txt that are not distributed with a standard Python installation (i.e. only packages that need to be installed from PyPI/conda). If you `include any of these modules from base Python <https://docs.python.org/3/py-modindex.html>`_ in your requirements.txt file, you will get an error when you try to deploy.

Reviewer: How about "need to be installed with `pip` or `conda`" ?

Normal people don't know what PyPI is.

```

- If you have requirements for apt-get, add them to `packages.txt`, one package name per line. See our streamlit-apps demo repo for an [example packages.txt file](https://github.com/streamlit-apps/ml-projects/blob/master/packages.txt).

## Log in to share.streamlit.io

> The first thing you'll see is a button to login with GitHub. Please login with the primary email associated with your GitHub account.

Reviewer: "Please login with" -> "Click on the button to login with"

```eval_rst
.. important:: If the email you originally signed-up with isn't the primary email associated with your GitHub account, just reply to your invite email telling us your primary Github email so we can grant access to the correct account.
```

You can find your [GitHub account email](https://github.com/settings/emails) here:
<img src="_static/img/GitHub_email.png" alt="Github email" width="450" style='display: block; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto; padding-top: 15px;'/>

## Deploy your app

Click "New app", then fill in your repo, branch, and file path, and click "Deploy". Your app will take a minute or two to deploy and then you'll be ready to share!

If your app has a lot of dependencies it may take a few minutes to deploy the first time. But after that, any change that does not touch your dependencies should show up immediately!

> That's it — you're done! Once your app is deployed it will be available at

Reviewer: Lots of exclamation points on the 3 paragraphs above. Also repeating "minute" too much.

How about: 
```
Click "New app", then fill in your repo, branch, and file path, and click "Deploy". Your app will take a minute or two to deploy and then you'll be ready to share!

If your app has a lot of dependencies it may take a some time to deploy the first time. But after that, any change that does not touch your dependencies should show up immediately.

That's it — you're done! Once your app is deployed it will be available at
```

> That's it — you're done! Once your app is deployed it will be available at

Reviewer: "Once your app is deployed it will be available at" -> "Your app can be found at"

(because at this point the user has already deployed)

```python
https://share.streamlit.io/[user name]/[repo name]/[branch name]/[app path]
```

for example:

```python
http://share.streamlit.io/streamlit/demo-self-driving/master/streamlit_app.py
```

> Also for your URL, the branch and app path are not required, if there's only one matching app in that repo. So for the above example, you could also use the shortened URL: [http://share.streamlit.io/streamlit/demo-self-driving](http://share.streamlit.io/streamlit/demo-self-driving)

Reviewer: This is phrased a little funny. How about:
```
Most times, your app is also given a shortened URL of the form `https://share.streamlit.io/[user name]/[repo name]`. The only time you need the full URL is when you deployed multiple apps from the same repo. So you can also reach the example URL above at the short URL [http://share.streamlit.io/streamlit/demo-self-driving](http://share.streamlit.io/streamlit/demo-self-driving)
```

## Share, update, and collaborate

Now that your app is deployed you can easily share it and collaborate on it. But first, let's take a moment and do a little joy dance for getting that app deployed! 🕺💃

### Share your app

Your app is now live at that fixed URL, so go wild and share it with whomever you want. From your deployed app you can click on the "☰" menu on the top right and select 'Share this app' to post it directly into social media or to share with the community on the [Forum](https://discuss.streamlit.io/c/streamlit-examples/9). We'd love to see what you make!

### Update your app

Your GitHub repository is the source for the app, so that means that any time you push an update to your repo you'll see it reflected in the app in almost real time. Try it out!

> Streamlit also smartly detects whether you touched your dependencies, in which case it will automatically do a full redeploy for you - which will take a little more time. But since most updates don't involve dependency changes, you should usually see your app update in real time.

Reviewer 2: Not sure if we want to call this out here but we've disabled the auto rerun on save so now users will have to trigger a rerun to see the latest changes.

Author: Lets come back to it

### Collaborate on your app

You can collaborate with others by simply having multiple contributors pushing to the same GitHub repo. If you want to try out something new while still keeping your original app running, just create a new branch, make some changes, and deploy a new version of the Streamlit app.

Every deployed app has its Github source code linked in the "☰" menu on the top right. So if you are looking to understand the code of another Streamlit app, you can simply navigate to the GitHub page from there and read or fork the app.

## App access and usage

> Streamlit sharing is completely free and is meant to get you started with sharing your Streamlit apps. If you need a solution with with access controls, ability to deploy from private repos, ability to customize resources, and much more, please check out [Streamlit for Teams](http://streamlit.io/for-teams).

Reviewer 2: double with here

```suggestion
Streamlit sharing is completely free and is meant to get you started with sharing your Streamlit apps. If you need a solution with access controls, ability to deploy from private repos, ability to customize resources, and much more, please check out [Streamlit for Teams](http://streamlit.io/for-teams).
```

### Access

- Apps are always visible to the entire world.
- You can only deploy apps that are in a public GitHub repo.
- Your source code must live in Github. We're looking to expand to other Git hosts soon.
- Everyone with push access to your repo is automatically a maintainer of the app.

### Resource limits

- You can deploy up to 3 apps per account.

> - Apps get up to 1 CPU, 800 MB of RAM, and 10 GB of dedicated storage in a shared execution environment.

Reviewer: Important change: 800 MB of storage.

- Apps do not have access to a GPU.
- If you have a special good-for-the-world case that needs more resources, [send us an email](mailto:product@streamlit.io) and we'll see about making an exception!

## Managing apps

To view or change your deployed Streamlit apps, use your app dashboard at [share.streamlit.io](https://share.streamlit.io) to view your apps, deploy a new app, delete an app, or reboot an app.

### App dashboard

> When you first log into [share.streamlit.io](http://s4a.streamlit.io) you will land your app dashboard, which gives you a list of all your deployed apps. This list does includes apps deployed by other people who have push access to the same repos as you, since you're all managers of those apps. Such apps are indicated with an icon like this one:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you first log into [share.streamlit.io](http://s4a.streamlit.io) you will land on your app dashboard, which gives you a list of all your deployed apps. This list does include apps deployed by other people who have push access to the same repos as you, since you're all managers of those apps. Such apps are indicated with an icon like this one:
```

<img src="_static/img/streamlit_share_dashboard.png" alt="Streamlit share dashboard" width="450" style='display: block; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto; padding-top: 15px;'/>

### Reboot an app

> If your app needs a hard reboot, just click on the "︙" overflow menu to the right of the app and click to Reboot. This will interrupt any user that may currently be using that app. It may also take a few minutes for your app to re-deploy, and in that time you - and anyone visiting the app - will see the 'Your app is in the oven' screen.

Reviewer: replace "-" with "—"

(Also elsewhere in doc)

### Secrets management

This feature is in the works. So watch for it coming soon to beta!

## Limitations and known issues

Here are some limitations and known issues that we're actively working to resolve. If you find an issue [please let us know](https://discuss.streamlit.io/c/deploying-streamlit/streamlit-sharing/13)!

- **If you're having trouble logging in,** check your Streamlit sharing invitation email and make sure you signed up using your Primary Github email, which you can find [here](https://github.com/settings/emails).
- When you print something to the terminal, you may need to do a `sys.stdout.flush()` before it shows up.
- Apps execute in a Linux environment running Debian Buster (slim) with Python 3.7. There is no way to change these, and we may upgrade the environment at any point. If we do upgrade it, we will _usually_ not touch existing apps, so they'll continue to work as expected. But if there's a critical fix in the update, we _may_ force-upgrade all apps.

> - Matplotlib doesn't work well with threads. So if you're using Matplotlib you should wrap your code with locks as shown in the snippet below. This Matplotlib bug is more prominent when you share your app apps since you're more likely to get more concurrent users then.

Reviewer: Add link: 

```
 Matplotlib [doesn't work well with threads.](https://matplotlib.org/3.3.2/faq/howto_faq.html#working-with-threads)
```
